Update updating-an-existing-recipe.mdx (#26)
AerynOS/dotdev: src/content/docs/Packaging/Workflow/updating-an-existing-recipe.mdx

---
title : 'Updating an existing package recipe'
date : 2025-06-25T02:48:14+01:00
---

This page details the process of updating a package that is already present in the AerynOS repo.

Before updating the package yourself, please double check that there isn't already an outstanding PR for the update you want to make. Please also check if someone has created an update request issue in the AerynOS recipes repo.

## Update your clone of the recipes repo
Please refer to the Basic Packaging Workflow page on how to create and update your local clone of the AerynOS repo on your own system before proceeding any further.

> As a reminder, you want to ensure volatile branch is enabled and fully updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a reminder, you will want to ensure that the `build.aerynos.dev/volatile` repository is enabled in moss and that your system is fully updated.
```

For a recap, if you have followed the previous guide, the commands will be:

```

> sudo moss repo enable volatile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# enable the volatile build stream
sudo moss repo enable volatile
```
